ServiceBusResourceProvider documentation (#13)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-core: source/TestCommon/documents/functionapp-testcommon.md

The `ServiceBusResourceProvider` is more complex than a *manager*, so we named it differently.

> It makes it easy to manage queues/topics/subscriptions within an existing Azure Service Bus namespace. This is usefull from our integration tests setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It makes it easy to manage queues/topics/subscriptions within an existing Azure Service Bus namespace. This is useful from our integration test setup.
```
